feat: Add @cypress/puppeteer plugin (#28370)
cypress-io/cypress: npm/puppeteer/README.md

```

## yarn

```sh
yarn add @cypress/puppeteer
```

## With TypeScript

Add the following in `tsconfig.json`:

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "types": ["cypress", "@cypress/puppeteer"]
  }
}
```

## Compatibility

`@cypress/puppeteer` requires Cypress version 13.6.0 or greater.

Only Chromium-based browsers (e.g. Chrome, Chromium, Electron) are supported.

## Usage

`@cypress/puppeteer` is set up in your Cypress config and support file, then executed in your spec. See [API](#api) and [Examples](#examples) below for more details.

While the `cy.puppeteer()` command is executed in the browser, the majority of the Puppeteer execution is run in the Node process via your Cypress config. You pass a string message name to `cy.puppeteer()` that indicates which message handler to execute in the Cypress config. This is similar to how [cy.task()](on.cypress.io/task) operates.

In your Cypress config (e.g. `cypress.config.ts`):

```typescript
import { setup } from '@cypress/puppeteer/plugin'

export default defineConfig({
  e2e: {
    setupNodeEvents (on) {
      setup({
        on,
        onMessage: {
          async switchToTabAndGetContent (browser) {

>             // ...

Reviewer: @chrisbreiding I would probably put an explicit comment here that says you need to now write Puppeteer code to execute what you want. I think someone might copy/paste this and assume it should do what it says. 🙂

Author: Good idea. Addressed in https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28370/commits/1d8356a92cf050de9c63813c72115bfcb160418e

Reviewer 2: Was this addressed? I don't see an explicit comment?

Author: Ah good catch, I had put the comment [here](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/commit/1d8356a92cf050de9c63813c72115bfcb160418e#diff-bad8df9ac3ed2d72ad00ba7b71b5a9a6f51364a91eaf05c7ba1c9b1895fab279R225) but it's a good idea to add it in this spot as well.

Author: Actually addressed this time [here](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28370/commits/beb85942ff50c82e10405d142cc6b0bc820580c6#diff-bad8df9ac3ed2d72ad00ba7b71b5a9a6f51364a91eaf05c7ba1c9b1895fab279R65)

#### Options

_optional_

- `timeout` _optional_: The total time in milliseconds during which to attempt retrying the function. Default: `4000ms`
- `delayBetweenTries` _optional_: The time to wait between retries. Default: `200ms`

### Cypress Spec - cy.puppeteer()

```typescript
cy.puppeteer(messageName[, ...args])
```

#### messageName

_required_

A string matching one of the keys passed to the `onMessage` option of `setup` in your Cypress config.

#### ...args

_optional_

Values that will be passed to the message handler. These values must be JSON-serializable.

Example:

```typescript
// spec
cy.puppeteer('testNewTab', 'value 1', 42, [true, false])

// Cypress config
setup({
  on,
  onMessage: {
    testNewTab (browser, stringArg, numberArg, arrayOfBooleans) {
      // stringArg === 'value 1'
      // numberArg === 42
      // arrayOfBooleans[0] === true / arrayOfBooleans[1] === false
    }
  }
})
```

## Examples

These examples can be found and run in the [Cypress tests of this package](./cypress) with this project's [cypress.config.ts](./cypress.config.ts).

> While these example use tabs, they could just as easily apply to windows. Tabs and windows are essentially the same things as far as Puppeteer is concerned and encapsuled by instances of the [Page class](https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.page/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While these examples use tabs, they could just as easily apply to windows. Tabs and windows are essentially the same things as far as Puppeteer is concerned and encapsulated by instances of the [Page class](https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.page/).
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28370/commits/1d8356a92cf050de9c63813c72115bfcb160418e

# @cypress/puppeteer

Utilize [Puppeteer's browser API](https://pptr.dev/api) within Cypress with a single command.

# Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Compatibility](#compatibility)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [API](#api)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Changelog](./CHANGELOG.md)

# Installation

## npm

```sh
npm install --save-dev @cypress/puppeteer
```

## yarn

```sh

> yarn add @cypress/puppeteer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
yarn add @cypress/puppeteer --dev
```

Author: Addressed [here](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28370/commits/beb85942ff50c82e10405d142cc6b0bc820580c6#diff-bad8df9ac3ed2d72ad00ba7b71b5a9a6f51364a91eaf05c7ba1c9b1895fab279R26)

```

## With TypeScript

Add the following in `tsconfig.json`:

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "types": ["cypress", "@cypress/puppeteer"]
  }
}
```

## Compatibility

> `@cypress/puppeteer` requires Cypress version 13.6.0 or greater.

Reviewer 2: Do we want to add a `peerDependency` in the `package.json` for this requirement?

Author: Good idea. Addressed [here](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28370/commits/beb85942ff50c82e10405d142cc6b0bc820580c6#diff-dbb2ec8f0a23ac83b2225ec8d8459d75e8490d25b7f146ea51de157bbd9815f6R35-R37)

export default defineConfig({
  e2e: {
    setupNodeEvents (on) {
      setup({
        on,
        onMessage: {
          async switchToTabAndGetContent (browser) {
            // ...
          },
        },
      })
    },
  },
}
```

In your support file (e.g. `cypress/support/e2e.ts`):

```typescript
import { setup } from '@cypress/puppeteer/support'
```

In your spec (e.g. `spec.cy.ts`):

```typescript
  it('switches to and tests a new tab', () => {
    cy.visit('/')
    cy.get('button').click() // opens a new tab

    cy
    .puppeteer('switchToTabAndGetContent')
    .should('equal', 'You said: Hello from Page 1')
  })
```

## API

### Cypress Config - setup

This sets up `@cypress/puppeteer` message handlers that run Puppeteer browser automation.

```typescript
setup(options)
```

#### Options

- `on` _required_: The `on` event registration function provided by `setupNodeEvents`
- `onMessage` _required_: An object with string keys and function values (see more details [below](#onmessage))
- `puppeteer` _optional_: The `puppeteer` library imported from `puppeteer-core`, overriding the default version of `puppeteer-core` used by this plugin

> #### onMessage

Reviewer 2: Do we want to explicitly call out that you can't run cypress commands in the message handlers?

Author: Yeah I like it. Addressed [here](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/28370/commits/beb85942ff50c82e10405d142cc6b0bc820580c6#diff-bad8df9ac3ed2d72ad00ba7b71b5a9a6f51364a91eaf05c7ba1c9b1895fab279R113)
